Backport jetpack 15.0-a.5 Changes (#44823)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/connection/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for the Jetpack RNA Connection Component releases.

## [1.4.4] - 2025-08-18
### Added

> - Added type-check script to ensure that the TS files are type-checked. [#44795]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add type-check script to ensure that the TypeScript files are type-checked. [#44795]
```
